Update server getting started (#20242)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/server-access/getting-started.mdx

2. Introspect the cluster using Teleport features.

<Admonition type="tip" title="Tip">

>   This guide also demonstrates how to configure Teleport SSH Service using the **bastion pattern** so that only a single Node can be accessed publicly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This guide also demonstrates how to configure the Teleport SSH Service using the **bastion pattern** so that only a single Node can be accessed publicly.
```

Also, why have we emphasized "bastion pattern" here? Is this a commonly known term that we often use in the docs? It's the first time I've seen it.

Author: @zmb3 not sure the bastion item here.  It's probably less needed then we used to compare the Teleport solution to.

   We'll configure and launch our instance, then demonstrate how to use the
   `tsh` tool and Teleport in SSH mode.

2. On the host where you will run your Teleport SSH Service, follow the instructions for your environment to install Teleport.

   (!docs/pages/includes/install-linux.mdx!)

   Next, we'll create a **join token** so you can start the Teleport SSH Service and
   add it to your cluster.

## Step 2/4. Add a SSH Service to the cluster

### Create a join token

Next, create a join token so you can add the SSH Service to your Teleport cluster.

```code
# Let's save the token to a file

> $ tctl tokens add --type=node --format json | jq -r '.token'  > token.file

Reviewer: `.file` is an odd choice of extension. 🤷‍♂️

Next, create a join token so you can add the Node to your Teleport cluster.

<ScopedBlock scope={["oss", "enterprise"]}>

```code
# Let's save the token to a file

> $ sudo tctl tokens add --type=node --format json | jq -r '.token'  > token.file

Reviewer 2: Is the only difference between these `ScopedBlock`s the presence of `sudo` for self-hosted clusters? I'm not sure we want to assume that users who self-host will want to execute `tctl` commands on the Auth Service host. For those who do, I think the `permission denied` error message would add an acceptable amount of friction—what do you think?

Author: consolidated

   --token=/path/to/token.file \
   --proxy=tele.example.com:443 \
   -o file
```

</ScopedBlock>
<ScopedBlock scope={["cloud"]}>

Configure the SSH Service instance. Change `mytenant.teleport.sh` to your Teleport Cloud tenant
address. Assign the `--token` flag to the path where you saved `token.file`.

```code
# Generate the Teleport configuration file, which is written to /etc/teleport.yaml
$ sudo teleport node configure \
   --labels=env=example \
   --token=/path/to/token.file \
   --proxy=mytenant.teleport.sh:443 \
   -o file
```

</ScopedBlock>

### Start the Teleport SSH Service

On the host where you will run the Teleport SSH Service, execute the
following command, depending on whether you installed Teleport using a package
manager or via a TAR archive:

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="Package Manager">

```code
$ sudo systemctl start teleport
```
</TabItem>
<TabItem label="TAR archive">

```code
$ sudo teleport install systemd --output=/etc/systemd/system/teleport.service;
$ sudo systemctl enable teleport;
$ sudo systemctl start teleport;
```
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Access the Web UI

Run the following command to create a user that can access the Teleport Web UI:

```code

> $ tctl users add tele-admin --roles=editor,access --logins=root,ubuntu,ec2-user

Reviewer: Are we confident that sudo won't be required here?

Author: Yes, that's only required if you're connecting directly on the auth server.  The other db access guides like https://goteleport.com/docs/database-access/getting-started/ doesn't use `sudo`.

<ScopedBlock scope={["oss", "enterprise"]}>

> Configure and start the Node. Change `tele.example.com` to the address of your Teleport Proxy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configure and start the SSH Service instance. Change `tele.example.com` to the address of your Teleport Proxy
```

To be more explicit—we took "Node" out of the Core Concepts page (https://goteleport.com/docs/core-concepts/).

Author: addressed

Service. Assign the `--token` flag to the path where you saved
`token.file`.

```code

> # Generate the Teleport configuration file defaulted at /etc/teleport.yaml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Generate the Teleport configuration file, which is written to /etc/teleport.yaml
# by default.
```

$ sudo teleport node configure \
   --labels=env=example \
   --token=/path/to/token.file \
   --proxy=tele.example.com:443 \
   -o file
# Start and join cluster
$ sudo teleport start
```

</ScopedBlock>
<ScopedBlock scope={["cloud"]}>

> Configure and start the Node. Change `mytenant.teleport.sh` to your Teleport Cloud tenant

Reviewer 2: Same comment re: "Node"

Author: UPdated

address. Assign the `--token` flag to the path where you saved `token.file`.

```code

> # Generate the Teleport configuration file defaulted at /etc/teleport.yaml

Reviewer 2: Same suggestion re: "defaulted at"—this sounds a bit strange to me.

Author: Updated

$ sudo teleport node configure \
   --labels=env=example \
   --token=/path/to/token.file \
   --proxy=mytenant.teleport.sh:443 \
   -o file
# Start and join cluster
$ sudo teleport start
```

</ScopedBlock>

> Now that you have a node configured you can update the configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now that you have the SSH Service configured, you can update the configuration
```

Author: Updated

> as needed, stop and restart with `sudo teleport start`. See

Reviewer 2: I think we can expand the startup instructions a bit and remove the link to the Daemon guide—there shouldn't be a need for the reader to leave this page in order to start Teleport. 

Here's an example of a section within a how-to guide that includes systemd instructions: https://goteleport.com/docs/kubernetes-access/guides/standalone-teleport/#start-the-teleport-kubernetes-service

Author: Modified to that example

[Run Teleport as a Daemon](../management/admin/daemon.mdx) for running as a daemon using systemd.

### Access the Web UI

Run the following command to create a user that can access the Teleport Web UI:

<ScopedBlock scope={["oss", "enterprise"]}>

```code

> $ sudo tctl users add tele-admin --roles=editor,access --logins=root,ubuntu,ec2-user

Reviewer 2: I think we can remove the "sudo" here and avoid the need for this `ScopedBlock` (similar to my comment earlier)

Author: done

### Display cluster resources

`tele-admin` can now execute the following to find the cluster's SSH Service names,
which are used for establishing SSH connections:

   ```code
   # Display cluster resources
   $ tsh ls
   ```

<ScopedBlock scope={["oss", "enterprise"]}>

   In this example, the bastion host Node is located on the bottom line below:

   ```txt
   Node Name        Address        Labels
   ---------------- -------------- --------------------------------------
   ip-172-31-35-170 ⟵ Tunnel       env=example, hostname=ip-172-31-35-170
   ip-172-31-41-144 127.0.0.1:3022 env=example, hostname=ip-172-31-41-144
   ```
</ScopedBlock>
<ScopedBlock scope={["cloud"]}>

   ```txt
   Node Name        Address        Labels
   ---------------- -------------- --------------------------------------
   ip-172-31-35-170 ⟵ Tunnel       env=example, hostname=ip-172-31-41-144
   ```
</ScopedBlock>

### Connect to a SSH Service

<ScopedBlock scope={["oss", "enterprise"]}>
`tele-admin` can SSH into the bastion host Node by running the following command locally:

```code
# Use tsh to ssh into a Node
$ tsh ssh root@ip-172-31-41-144
```
</ScopedBlock>
<ScopedBlock scope={["cloud"]}>

> `tele-admin` can SSH into the Node by running the following command locally:

Reviewer: In the other scope we referred to the target as "the bastion host" and here we refer to it as "the Node." Any reason not to be consistent?

### Display the unified resource catalog

<ScopedBlock scope={["oss", "enterprise"]}>
Execute the following command within your bastion host console:

```code
# List Nodes

> $ tctl nodes ls

Reviewer: I'm not sure what we mean by "unified resource catalog" in the title of this section, but `nodes ls` is only going to list SSH servers, so I'm not sure if I'd call that "unified resources."

`tele-admin` can also execute commands on all Nodes that share a label, vastly simplifying repeated operations. For example, the command:

```code

> # Run the ls command on all SSH Services with a label

Reviewer: I know `SSH Service` was suggested to you, but I'm not sure a global replace makes sense.

IMO, 'SSH Service' is the Teleport software that's running to make the "server" accessible to Teleport users.

In this case, the resource that is labeled with `env=example` is more of a generic server resource than a Teleport process.

WDYT @ptgott ?

Reviewer 2: I'd agree with that—the SSH Service is what you run to register and access a server. The server is the resource itself.
